The Usage of Social Network Analysis on Customer Reviews Quality Estimation

In recent years, the development of the Internet and e-commerce gradually change the consumption patterns of consumers. Online shopping not only reduce the time cost but also enable the consumers to easily track the inventory and shipping condition due to the real time characteristic of the Internet. Both domestic and international e-commerce platform is developing vigorously. As the number and diversion of the goods increases, review systems become a vital issue despite self-developed commodity evaluation system of the e-commerce platform or goods review service specially provided by other sites. The method to filter better quality or useful reviews for consumers among large numbers of review systems will be the main problem of these review platform providers. Some of the evaluation systems use the mutual evaluation of the members to provide users with the service to evaluate and rate other users' product reviews. An average rating is made and the reviews were showed according to their ranking. However, such mechanism may invert and ignores the new reviews or reviews added due to the small number of visits, causing numerous good quality reviews are buried. The research of the quality of commodity reviews mainly focused on text mining and related feature selection based on the content of the review, and the machine learning method in the past. This study hopes to add the reviewers' personal information and their relevant review characteristics and attributes in the social network as a method to enhance the accuracy of the reviews quality.

Keywords : Customer Reviews, Review Quality, Text Mining, Social Network Analysis